c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\FreeTime.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\FreeTime.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\MySql.Web.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.Migrations.initial.resources
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\FreeTime.dll.config
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\FreeTime.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\FreeTime.pdb
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.Migrations.initial.resources
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.dll
C:\Users\Jun\Source\Repos\411Project\FreeTime\FreeTime\obj\Debug\FreeTime.pdb
